welcome to module 3 lesson 2 remarketing
in the world of B2B with long complex
sales Cycles staying top of mind is half
the battle depending on your
organization sales Cycles can range from
3 to 36 months having your prospects
remember who you are when it counts is
critical thankfully we can use paid
advertising to stay in touch with
prospects that have engaged with us
through remarketing the top remarketing
channels within the Google ads platform
are YouTube demand gen and display let's
jump into Google ads and show some
examples of how you can retarget people
through these different campaign types
okay we're back in the audience manager
in Google ads so we've briefly touched
on this but just to bring all these
points home you can come here under
audience manager your data segments and
you can create audiences to remarket
people so now I can create a a website
visitor audience for example and I can
remarket anyone that's been to my site
in the past 30 days or I can get even
more specific so I can say people who
visited specific pages with certain tags
or I can add specific condition and I
can refine it so page URL must contain
blog or courses page so depending on how
much site traffic you have you're going
to be uh having more flexibility or less
given your number of site traffic
visitors right less traffic means less
flexibility more sight traffic more
flexibility so if I get a lot of
visitors to the AC conversion website
you know one day manifest uh we have
more flexibility so I can create a
segment of people visited the course
Pages people that visited the blog pages
and and so on and so forth and you can
slice and dice however you see fit but
this is a very powerful way to stay in
front of the same people and the
beautiful thing about remarketing is
you're usually dealing with much smaller
audience sizes in comparison to
prospecting so the amount of budget that
you need to cover this audience is
usually dramatically smaller and the net
outcome is when these people are on
YouTube if you're running video
campaigns are remarketing if they've
been to your website now they're seeing
you when they're watching YouTube videos
if they've been to your website and uh
now they're on Google mail and they're
not using the premium version now they
can see your ads in Google mail with
demand genen so it's a really cool way
for you to just stay top of mind for the
people that matter again when it comes
to B2B that's half the battle with long
complex sales Cycles so I invite you to
just come around and play with this but
you can do website remarketing audiences
for remarketing you can do YouTube users
like I showed you earlier people watch
your YouTube channel videos you can do
customer lists so you can remarket leads
and nurture if you've already gotten
their email address say you can upload
that you can uh do very specific
combinations of remarketing through
Google analytics so you have tons of
options available for you in terms of
how you can remarket people that matter
to your business I actually just to
replug this because I think it's super
relevant for this lesson this multi
Channel B2B retargeting strategy article
that I created I'll link it in your uh
workbook below but it's really powerful
and it can show you all the different
exclusion parameters on how to do this
so I I list out everything for you on
different exclusion audiences inclusion
audiences and so on and so forth and
there's tons of relevant remarketing
videos here for you for four different
platforms so you can see how it all
works together if you want to learn more
like I mentioned check out that
remarketing blueprint where I walk you
through how to build a multi- channel
retargeting strategy on LinkedIn meta X
and YouTube I hope you received a ton of
value so far please share ad conversion
with your colleagues or leave a
testimonial we appreciate any help
spreading the word and I'll see you in
the next lesson
[Music]